doc: trusted storage lib doc update with zms (#18027)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/security/trusted_storage.rst

The trusted storage library comes with two choices:

* ``TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND`` that defines a backend for handling of encryption, authentication or other means of validation of the stored data.

>   It is responsible for what is happening with the data before and after they are read from or written to a non-volatile memory storage.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit wrong to me, I would rather just have `to non-volatile memory`.
The name ZMS had to be chosen to differentiate itself from the already existing alternatives, but we don't talk about non-volatile memory storage. Just non-volatile memory.

Author: Reverting back to non-volatile storage, as this was written initially.

The trusted storage library comes with two choices:

* ``TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND`` that defines a backend for handling of encryption, authentication or other means of validation of the stored data.

>   It is responsible for what is happening with the data before and after they are read from or written to a non-volatile storage.
> * ``TRUSTED_STORAGE_STORAGE_BACKEND`` that defines a backend that handles how the data are written to a non-volatile storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is responsible for what is happening with the data before and after they are read from or written to non-volatile storage.
* ``TRUSTED_STORAGE_STORAGE_BACKEND`` that defines a backend that handles how the data are written to non-volatile storage.
```

* The hardware unique key (HUK) :ref:`library <lib_hw_unique_key>` and :ref:`sample <hw_unique_key_usage>` are enabled and ready for use to derive an AEAD key.
* Zephyr's settings subsystem has to be enabled for use by setting the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS`.

  * The library supports two storage options for the settings subsystem, :ref:`zephyr:zms_api` and :ref:`zephyr:nvs_api`.

>     ZMS is the only allowed storage option for the nRF54L Series devices, while other devices using the trusted storage library can choose between the two options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ZMS is the only allowed storage option for nRF54L Series devices, while other devices using the trusted storage library can choose between the two options.
```

>   * The file system has to be mounted to a mount point at application startup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * You have to mount the file system to a mount point at application startup.
```

* Zephyr's settings subsystem has to be enabled for use by setting the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS`.

>   * The settings subsystem uses the :ref:`zephyr:nvs_api` file system by default.

Reviewer: Actually there is no default. It's the configuration of the application that will determine that. And from now on, it will default to ZMS if ZMS is enabled, and then to NVS if NVS is enabled (and ZMS is not).

    This file system has to be mounted to a mount point at application startup.
    For more information about this, see :ref:`zephyr:file_system_api`.

>   * For nRF54L Series devices, you can use the :ref:`zephyr:zms_api` file system as the default settings subsystem storage.

Reviewer: As commented in the release notes this is not only for the 54L Series devices. It's that for the 54L Series devices it's the only option permitted from now on. For other devices both are possible.

    This file system has to be mounted to a mount point at application startup.

>     For more information about this, see the Mounting the Storage system section of the ZMS documentation.

Reviewer: Could you add a link to the mentioned documentation?
